I will be talking about
the BERT objective.
You'll see what you are
trying to minimize.
Specifically, I'll show you
how you can combine
word embeddings,
sentence embeddings, and
positional embeddings as inputs.
Let's take a look at
how you can do this.
You're going to learn how
BERT inputs are fed into
the model and the
different types
of inputs and their structures.
Then you're going to visualize
the output and finally,
you're going to learn
about the BERT objective.
Formalizing the input,
this is the BERT
input representation.
You start with
position embeddings.
They allow you to indicate
the position in the sentence
of the word where each word
is in the corresponding
sentence.
So you have this.
Then you have the
segment embeddings.
They allow you to indicate
whether it's a sentence A or
sentence B because remember
in BERT you also use next
sentence prediction.
Then you have the
token embeddings
or the input embeddings.
You also have a CLS token,
which is used to indicate the
beginning of the sentence,
and a SEP token,
which is used to indicate
the end of the sentence.
Then what you do, you just
take the sum of the
token embeddings,
the segmentation embeddings,
and the position embeddings,
and then you get your new input.
Over here you can see you
have masked sentence A,
you have masked sentence B,
they go into tokens,
and then you have the CLS token,
which is a special
classification symbol
added in front of every input.
Then you have the SEP token,
which is the special
separator token.
You convert them into
the embeddings so
then you get your
transformer blocks.
Then you can see at the end
you get your T_1 to T_N,
your T_1 prime to T_M prime.
Each T_I embedding
will be used to
predict the masked word
via a simple softmax.
You have this C also,
embedding, which can be
used for next
sentence prediction.
Let's look at the
BERT objective now.
For the Multi-Mask
language model,
you use a cross-entropy
loss to predict the word
that's being masked or the
words that are being masked,
and then you add this
to a binary loss for
the next sentence
prediction so given
the two sentences do they
follow one another or not?
In summary, you've seen
the BERT objective
and you've seen the model
inputs and outputs.
In the next video,
I will show you how you can
fine-tune this
pre-trained model.
Specifically, I'll show
you how you can use
it to your own tasks
for your own projects.
Please go on to the next video.